
=== Evidence-Based Take (total 338) ===
mt3nkr9 | score:12 | Conte and Tuchel frequently played 3 ATB, as does Glasner.  Also, any wingback should be good enough to either become a fine defensive winger or a fine offensive fullback imo.  And basically every formations uses some sort of 2-3 or 3-2 formation in deep possession or build-up anyway…
mrya68k | score:5 | I'm not claiming these are metrics to decide that Arsenal are the best team in the CL. I'm just giving my perspective as to why Arteta believes they were.  As far as some of the stats in the second leg; Arsenak had 19 shots to PSG's 11, had 55 per cent of possession, and had an xG of 3.2 to PSG's 1.7. That's the sort of things he's probably thinking about when he said it. He reckons that we failed to go through because Donnarumma had 2 outstanding games.  Ultimately though football can't be dist
msz4ztn | score:2 | That's another way, for that we have to merge with team stats too but problem is we're using general team possession (regardless of variance of possession with/out the player, wouldn't make a big difference).  Better way would be adjusting to share of team's stats I think.   progressive passes/carry as a % of team's total progressive pass/carry  adjust to touches is just the most convenient way as it adjust for opportunity a player may have.
msl4tr6 | score:1 | I've seen someone introduce baseball-like sabermetrics to football and it was quite interesting. You could see various data beyond the usual xG, xA, 'chances created' or 'progressive carries'. Such as which player is the most influential to wins when he starts compared to when he doesn't, and players that provide the most impact in proportion to the time their team possessed the ball.  It was also notable that three players absolutely dominated every single one of these metrics over time- Pele, 
msu0oom | score:7 | That's because they don't consider the game state. Palace scored early from a low xG shot and chose to sit back for the rest of the game. City would naturally have more possession and get off more shots leading to a higher xG
mt0biqq | score:17 | xG is a pre-shot metric, it is taken as the quality of the chance. The goalkeeper has nothing to do with it, it is the defenders or the midfielders that have to prevent shots with high quality.
msx83il | score:10 | A team that sits back and only concedes long shot will have a keeper that will wildly overperform xGOT, a team that is always in opposition box and concedes a number of high quality chances the keeper will struggle to save these better chances. Donnarumma can't farm low xG shots because other teams don't take them, so he only faces high xG chances (like yesterday where his only shot on target conceded is the goal from a 1 on 1) compared to Leon yesterday who had a block of 9 players in front of 
msegg92 | score:2 | He’s underperforming his xG this season as well, while Gakpo overperforms his again.  I don’t have anything against Kudus, he’s a great player to watch. I just wouldn’t take him over Gakpo and I think there’s a reason why he ended up at West Ham in the first place. I’ve heard as much about his work rate and pressing from your fan base as well.   Doku is even better than Kudus in terms of dribbling statistically and I wouldn’t take him over Gakpo either.
msu1l6f | score:1 | I interpret them as "possession means fuck all if you don't do anything with it" and "xG means fuck all if you don't actually score". People need to stop acting as if they're the most important stats because they're not. The most important stats are goals and assists, always have been and always will be.
mstzzfk | score:-5 | The Cup final showed just how useless possession and xG stats really are. Palace won with 22% possession and 0.96 xG. Bloody love it!
mt01nkw | score:81 | How did they concede 1.77 xG from 7 shots?
msffvkz | score:36 | You just need to look at the amount of american posters with ridicolous takes, and obsessed with stats like xG. The same people who desperately want a superleague since they only care about big franchise teams.
msp2pxm | score:20 | I mean we have one of the best defensive records in the league despite sanchez best efforts, and have massively underperformed our XG, while im not his biggest fan, I would keep him, who else is there anyway?
msg6cd2 | score:16 | I think there are a lot of differences between now and then.  It's faster now with more pressing. I think there is a lot more tactical awareness and discipline from the players now, which reduces the chances for individual 'flair' players to have their moments. Most players are more technically gifted and quicker too, so when a mistake is made it is also more likely to be punished.   When I watch some old games and great moments of play you sometimes wonder why they have so much time and space.
mscdke0 | score:15 | Real Madrid absolutely cared. You can say many things about them, but they tried everything up their sleeve: long shots, lay-offs, crosses, dribbles... You name it. The ball just wouldn't go in, and their absurd shot numbers and xG show it.
mt0l5ry | score:14 | Didn't really like the foul call at the end. Parma player didn't have possession and basically tackled the Napoli player, got the ball first and then there was contact. Can't see how it's a foul
msruy8k | score:13 | these are the stats we need, xG and all that shit is woke nonsense
msu37yh | score:12 | I hereby curse Wolves to have 22% possession and 0.83xG for the rest of time
msxyp2t | score:9 | I really enjoyed our 3-4-1-2 from the promotion campaign.  But for the fact the wingbacks need to be absolute unicorns like Daniel Munoz or Denzel Dumfries, I'd be willing to call it the best system around.  It's so hard to press because of the extra width at the back. It has so much verticality which means direct transitions are always a threat. The extra defender usually provides aerial threat at set pieces.  The problems in possession are real though. Dropping the wingers provides less penetr
ms2k472 | score:8 | Against West Ham is not the best example but compared to last season when we were being bombarded with shots and couldn’t get out of our half, in most of last matches we dominated and ended up with a higher XG.  The difference was made in the fact that we don’t have a similar profile to Garnacho who can run in behind and is fast and while he got every match at least 2 big scoring opportunities, most of them were missed. All this while the opposition managed to score from their first shot because
mszw88p | score:8 | La Liga defenders are running out of time to live up to the predictions and expectations of Reddit. Only 1 more match day to impose their defensive tactical superiority on Kylian.
msimgpe | score:7 | He takes a lot of low xG shots from outside the box tbf. If he starts to get himself in a better shooting position closer to the goal that alone would make his goalscoring improve
msfouun | score:7 | I'd like to know too. I think I read that even if a chance has no xG it can still be a big chance. For example when someone is through one on one but the defender recovers to make a tackle before the shot is taken.
mstix1u | score:7 | the reason city can have 80% possession is because of these silly tactical fouls
ms81ccx | score:7 | It's really not that worrying as you're portraying it to be. Flick himself said they'd work on defensive structure in the preseason but couldn't do so currently as there's simply too many matches to introduce such big tactical changes.
mt37ioq | score:7 | It is largely a match for Ajax, it's just that the club and the fans are more used to/almost expect a high press, front foot version of controlling possession, while Farioli has been more of a sit back and soak pressure while drawing the attackers in (in the build up) version of controlling possession.
msu3jdp | score:6 | game state matters, but I feel it's also misinterpreted sometimes. I'm not sure it actually changed much at all throughout the game today for example, Palace sat deep from minute 1 to minute 90, not just because it was their gameplan but also because City stopped them from building up and controlled transitions really well overall. There's no indication that City scoring first instead of Palace would've resulted in Palace generating better opportunities throughout the game than City.  in general
msbu994 | score:6 | Ten Hag didn't have a great hand at his disposal but I  don't think he should be completely exonerated from crisisism because of that. His tactics were suicidal and in the xg table we finished last season in a similar position to our actual position this season. I don't think that means he will be a bad Leverkusen coach but even with the two trophies his stint at United was a disaster and I don't think I have seen many teams at tactically naive and mentally fragile as that one.
mt42f1w | score:6 | You're welcome !  It's also his first full season with real stats backing his underlying numbers, and it's also at the same time the season where he has drastically improved in his off the ball and defensive efforts that were not enough and a liability to his team before.
mszo39v | score:6 | If PSG wins the UCL Dembele is 100% winning it, and I still see Raphinha ahead of Lamine. The impact Rafa had in the first half of the season, not only with stats but also being the leader of the team, was impressive and very unexpected.
mst7qji | score:6 | Playing with three midfielders who lack any defensive qualities is tactical suicide from Pep.
msxuati | score:6 | Players in big possession oriented clubs see more of the ball than those playing in small clubs. For eg a player in Barcelona is likely to get more touches than those in Leganes on average. So this way, we can see how they fair when their touches are normalized. Of course they maybe caveats. But still a good starting point.
mst58f3 | score:6 | So typical, all that possession and shots. And yet they score lol.
msxtu47 | score:5 | Future EPL season champions to be decided by a sophisticated Monte Carlo simulation with teams ranked by their xG - xGA.
mst5mlx | score:5 | who cares about the result as long as we have possession and xG locked down 💪💪
mszpzkh | score:4 | Again, stop playing thugs. You get less red cards.  And when you tend to have possession all the time and play a high line there is a lot less activity in your own penalty box.  Also funny how the negreira story gets weaker every time something new comes out.  Only one team has been pressuring the referees non stop though. It clearly helps too.  One team always plays with a different set of rules.  Against all odds 4-0 in head 2 head. Wonderful.
mstpdon | score:4 | Mate you failed to equalise with 80% possession and 23 shots including a penalty. That is not treble winning at all
msu1mgx | score:3 | I love how it's never city's fault. It's always "oh they didn't come here to have their starting XI all bomb forward while being 1-0 up" or "that one call decided the outcome of the game"  Suck it up pep, with an xG of 2.30, 23 shots and 6 on target, that's on the team.
msp4an9 | score:3 | You cite underperforming xG but you ignore we have massively overperformed xGA. We have also overperformed xPTS. And by eye test have been horrid for 6 months
mszwath | score:3 | It's not about seeing out games imo. Arsenal have the best defensive record in the league. But this season are on track to score 20 goals less than last year. You can quote stats about dropping a lot of points from winning positions, but that ignores the fact that even the top PL teams will concede goals. Arsenal simply didn't score enough and often dropped points after not converting their chances.
mt36w0v | score:3 | Neres Is still recovering from his soleus iniury, also both out left CBs are injuried, so Conte, due to lack of valid subs, has switched to 532 from the 433. On a tactical level Is night and day, w 433 we're way more fluid and yes, Neres does make a difference, but to be fair during this emergency Raspa has been precious. Lets not forget that we lost Kvara too in january, and he has not being subbed in any way.    Basically, due to injuries and an awful market session, our offensive potential ha
mst7f7d | score:3 | Tactical fouling when out of possession is such a shit and cynical way of playing football
mst5a0i | score:3 | Ticky tacky possession based tactical football vs the power of friendship
msi1aad | score:3 | Utds fans also said for years that Bruno is the reason we can't play football.   So the sulking started some time last season? Or it was always there but it was more obvious last season?   You are the one making a claim mate you should be providing sources.   Amad is a winger like saka.  His job isn't to stand on the last man.  Garnacho does about as much defensive work as Rashford did.   I don't know what you mean by tactical masterplan. I said it was a basic tactic that many teams employ.   Ok
mstapq7 | score:3 | Their terrorism was so bad that it was funny tbh. Seeing them somehow come away with a 1-0 win against a top team while having 30% possession and 2 shots on target was glorious
mst6agn | score:3 | This is pure 2010 patter from the BBC commentary. The possession stat doesn't matter!
mt071mw | score:2 | Courtois made 21 saves against Liverpool in the final...  Also most possession based systems rely on outperforming xG, as the logic it to create so many chances that you score a few of them. Counter attacking based systems rely on xG, as the goal is to create a few but high quality chances and convert most of them.
mt00e0l | score:2 | Yes, that's what I'm saying. Barca's players are good enough to outperform their xG with well placed shots. Like a Yamal curler with 3 defenders in front of him has very little xG value, but at this point is a lot more likely to go in than a normal inside the box shot which xG would value more.  I consider a low xG shot that hit the post more valuable than a high xG one that was missed. Either way, goalkeeping was clearly the deciding factor for that tie. Sommer had one of the best goalkeeping p
mszyqfu | score:2 | That's not true. xG doesn't tell the whole story. Barca hit the post at least 4 times from what I can remember and there were 2 shots only Sommer or Courtois would save. 2 of the goals Tek conceded in the first leg, Sommer would've saved (the corner goal where he was mispositioned and the 1-on-1), and the 4th goal in the second leg was a foul.
mszxt7p | score:2 | Their shots were much bigger quality than barcas. Like xg was similar but barca bad twice the shots. You are not winning the cl with letting inter have 3 one on ones
msxbgrn | score:2 | Those long shots will have low xG, so they wont matter all that much, unless you are facing dozen a game. Lucas Chevalier has \~0.7 more saves/game, and many more goals prevented, per example. And Lille is hardly a team that sits back (3rd in possesion%).   A shot from 30 meters and a shot from 3 meters dont carry the same xG. If you save 1v1s at an above average rate, you'll have positive PSxG-GoalsAgainst balance, even if your teams mostly only allows 1v1s.  Last year, Donnarumma had 10-11 goa
msu6fvl | score:2 | I mean, I thought Palace were reasonably comfortable to be honest, at least in the second half, and executed their game-plan brilliantly. They were never going to out-pass and out-attempt City, so judging a game like this by possession and xG is useless.
mstvwjp | score:2 | Yeah I feel you and agree with everything you say. We also had a game vs Leipzig where we really should have won but didnt. Had like 13856136161 xG and mega dominated them, yet didnt win.   I think this is shown in that "xG table" for this season. Leipzig finished horribly, but are still 3 table positions above where their stats have them. Which is insane.
mstu5bh | score:2 | I agree but if he continuously over emphasizes play making and has had this issue of bajillion xG and bajillion shots on goal for the past decade, it's a little bit on him too.
mss3r9g | score:2 | https://footystats.org/england/premier-league/xg   There we are 9th XG and better than 9th XGD,    We have better XGD than Aston Villa, Nothingham forest, Newcastle etc.    If you check difference between XG and Actual only Southampton underperform worse than us, 
mrxx2vp | score:2 | No lmao when you’re losing it’s easier to generate xg cos most opponents will sit back and allow shots the fact we’re not performing positively there is alarming
mt1ljc7 | score:2 | These stats are not meant to be taken in isolation. What is his season long xgot stat, and how does it compare to other laliga keepers?
msz7fv7 | score:2 | Arteta must have emphasized the stats show they have significantly less possession in the front left third of the pitch.
mt3jrxo | score:1 | I'll give you the third as savable but it's still quite a high xG on shot   i mentioned the three touches because it encapsulates how much time the guy had to aim and shoot, which points to the real issue on that goal, him not being properly marked by a defender
mt2fitm | score:1 | 1.26 xg of 24 shots is abysmal

=== Bold Opinion / Hot Take (total 350) ===
mpjdxfw | score:1 | Actually, I'm with you  Ancelotti is the kind of manager who does not look that much into having an idea and making a system out of it, but getting the players to their best individually so they can work as a collective. I have read a lot about it, he seems fit enough to be a NT manager with this mentally  However, Brazil lacks talent nowadays. I am not the biggest fan of Vini Jr., for example. Despite being one of the best players in his position, I think he is very overrated and needs a lot of
msqjsy4 | score:249 | Crazy how everyone in r/soccer thinks he is the worst keeper in the prem and hugely overrated, then Villa fans and Argentinians who actually see him play week in week out love him and considering one if not the best keeper in the club's history
msthnrp | score:42 | It's crazy that these two are arguably the two greatest ever in their sport and they're both underrated in skill/hardwork respectively. You'll hear people talk about Ronaldo as if he was a talentless hack that just train really hard and they talk about Messi as if he was a slacker who happened to be blessed with godly talent. They both clearly must have had bucketloads of both talent and drive.
mt45rf9 | score:33 | He's not underrated.  He's rated exactly how he should be rated - everyone is very thankful for one of the best individual performances at an international tournament (WC 2018) we've seen from any of our players in our history.  Other than that, he's done fuck all for the NT. He's skipped the NT numerous times, was criticized for it and when he didn't skip it, he was most of the times bang average, or even worse than that.
msxu306 | score:10 | I think Xabi Alonso is a little bit overrated when it comes to his Liverpool legacy. [But his home debut against Norwich,](https://youtu.be/xA57Hlkl1ZI?si=dMrQxROUn0jnv633) was incredibly memorable for everyone there. It’s not the best performance I’ve ever seen necessarily but it’s the perfect distillation of that player. He was NEVER afforded that much time and space to get on the ball again in England.
ms36yoo | score:2 | The raphinha hype never fooled me, and its mostly carried on by Brazilian flairs too, I got cussed out by a Palmeiras flair for saying Rapha isnt the best in the team ffs and Rapha aint from Palmeiras  And Pedri one you just have to blame the pundits like Sid Lowe or Wenger for bigging up the underrated midfielders bs  Lamine is pretty clearly the best player in the team, id imagine November December would prove it
mpg9sfh | score:1 | There was no pitch invasion yesterday after Liverpool won the title, was there?  Maybe an unpopular opinion here, but I actually think not having one is boring and makes the moment less meaningful. I've witnessed three pitch invasions as a neutral, and every time the celebrations with the players and thousands of fans have been the best part of it. After years of waiting and after so many missed opportunities, to finally celebrate together with your team and your community, I think pitch invasio
msow72z | score:0 | WHAT A FUCKING GOAL. OUR PLAYER OF THE SEASON. Everyone been asking who is it? It’s CuCUUuuuuuuu. Best offensive and defensive player by miles this season. Should have been in the Prem TOTS. So so underrated
mscpduv | score:-4 | Im glad this saga is over, I’ve never seen this much undeserved hype for a CB. Sadio Mane didn’t even have this much hype. Not to mention he’s not even the best CB at Bournemouth, and I’ve been watching them since Howe was in charge. I know it’s an unpopular opinion, but if he isn’t fazed out of Madrid in 4 years. I’ll buy his jersey.
msiraq2 | score:131 | ESPN has legitimately the worst soccer analysis on tv. It's everybody trying to make cutting hot takes and just saying incredibly dumb shit. I loved ESPN fc and watched it every day but it's just gotten so annoying I haven't watched it in months. 
msh2sj6 | score:13 | I don't doubt it.   People underrated his work at Burnley, not to mention the £200m he opted to spend on Burnley's infrastructure has set them up for a much better future than transfers ever could. Proper side now, might be a yoyo side even. Best of luck to them.
mrwuc5f | score:8 | Lucas Moura’s performance against Ajax in 2019 is greater than any Ronaldo performance in the UCL.  Potentially the most underrated performance in the history of the game and it doesn’t get talked about because it was from a lesser player in a lesser team.  Your team is 3-0 down on aggregate away from home in a UCL semi final and you bag a hat trick of incredible goals all on your weak foot to drag them to the final? Instead people will talk about noodle hair Ronaldo for having peak clutch UCL p
msg65ym | score:6 | The release clause for Guirassy is club specific and not for everyone. PSG and Bayern are for example NOT included and would have to negotiate. Guirassy have also publically stated he is happy here and excited for next season. If we do secure CL too, that isnt gonna change I think.  HOWEVER.. Ramos seem underrated to me. Ramos and money could be a really slick move, if Ramos himself would be keen on it.   Maybe PSG fans could fill me in if Im wrong there tho. I dont know him superwell.
ms4rdye | score:4 | I think if you'd asked me two years ago I'd have expected 40-50m.   He could drive with the ball, he could wriggle out of trouble, and he was good for a goal or an assist every third game. When he was able to link up with Joelinton it was like having a 12th man on the pitch.   Now, I just don't see that same player. I think injuries have robbed him of a yard, and when he gets in good positions he's not been able to make the most of them. A change can be as good as a rest and getting back home mi
msru8jy | score:3 | I remember earlier this season , when Bruno got 2 red cards in a row , everyone said that he was washed and overrated.  Such a class player , probably the best Portuguese player atm
msc4j4g | score:2 | yeah, Leao is also quite overrated, I think we should cash in and sell him but then again I have no trust in the management making the right moves
msr3ev9 | score:1 | Arsenal flairs saying Dibu is overrated almost never fails. It's crazy how consistent it is  You read "Dibu is overrated" check flair and it's an Arsenal flair. You don't really see that with City, Tottenham, Barcelona, or any other team. Not even Madrid flairs.
ms4iopn | score:1 | I still think striker Havertz is underrated. He never really had a chance to flourish in that role this season with all the injuries, making him drop into midfield more often than not. And then him getting injured himself of course. I think Arsenal need another striker option apart from Kai, but if it was a "world class LW" - Havertz - Saka front 3 for a large part of next season, I dont see how we wouldn't be scoring goals. Arsenal broke their goal scoring record last season, and Kai's move to 
mqik5s2 | score:1 | Unpopular opinion buttttt, nobody deserved a ballon dor over prime Messi. Not Ronaldo, Ribery, Sneijder, Iniesta, Neuer or anyone else people bring up. Messi from 2008 until he left Barca should have every ballon dor
mpq0a7z | score:1 | Probably an unpopular opinion but (I’m going to assume barca makes the final) I think whoever comes out of this tie wins it all
mpk1tst | score:1 | I care much more about the performance and how the team plays rather than the final result. That is my opinion. You can see how many trophies Ancelotti has and say he is the best coach without ever watching any match. I just don’t like Ancelotti. That’s why I said unpopular opinion.
mnw6z3a | score:1 | Definitely an unpopular opinion preferring the Jimmy/Fenners era but with the right guests I’d still watch bits and pieces. I did prefer it with Lovejoy, Helen, tubes and the gang probably around 03 onwards was when I was mainly starting to watch it and I didn’t even mind Goldstein but it was at its worst with Max Rushden. However with Rushden still a million times better than Saturday social which seems they get two newish fans to pick clueless combined Xl from players they’ve never watched.   
mqpjzef | score:1 | I think you could argue that 9 teams from one league/nation participating in the three European competitions is too many and England should lose one of their Europa League spots if they have 6 Champions League teams, but I don't see the issue with the Europa League winners being given the reward of a Champions League spot at all.  It doesn't do much for the prestige of the Europa League that this year's final is likely to be between two teams who'll finish 13th or worse in their league, but this
mt41t0e | score:-1 | It’s a dumb question, that’s not really relevant. Vinicius is super overrated anyway.   Your original message did not have the “now” caveat, and even with that caveat, Haaland is still clearly the better player. He’s had far better seasons than this one, and his team struggled greatly this year, and is season is still marginally more productive than Alvarez and Isak’s all time best season, with teams firing on all cylinders.
mrwlmq4 | score:-3 | Really unpopular opinion, but the club should also be taking flack for this fiasco. Letting 3 of your best players run down their contracts like this should not have happened in the first place.
msft618 | score:-4 | Yeah it’s the Derek Jeter phenomenon. People overrate both because they were charismatic captains of popular teams during their most successful eras. Jeter won 5 gold gloves despite being statistically the worst defensive player in MLB history and it’s not even close. Ramos is much the same. He’s a good patter who is incredibly overrated because the team won so people overlook his flaws.
mstaexr | score:-7 | Since this is Bernardo's last relevant match at City these are the best Portuguese players i've ever seen  Cristiano > Pepe >  Bernardo > Figo(overrated Beckham was better)
mt3pio2 | score:308 | One of the most underrated players in our national team. Modrić usually gets credited for the world cup run in 2018 but Rakitić played played an equally crucial role, which isn’t talked about enough in my opinion.
mqosqpr | score:267 | My hot takes is that the national cup winners should get a UCL spot over the 4th/5th in the top leagues.
ms7rg2e | score:167 | Alba was not overrated. One of the best overlapping fullbacks in the world but his mentality wasn't great.
mrmk21l | score:83 | Going to announce it already (maybe a hot take, idk), best winger since Robbery.
mt3tphk | score:80 | Wow Trent is out of contract    Maybe a hot take but clubs should really go for him
mqot5ep | score:76 | My hot take is that UEFA should bring back the Cup Winner’s Cup
mrthm8r | score:71 | Idk if this is a hot take, but if Sevilla don't get 3 points against Las Palmas next match I I think they're down. They aren't getting anything off Madrid or Villareal
ms80yby | score:63 | He was a hothead and somewhat of an idiot but to say that he's hugely overrated is plain and simple dumb. He was the best/second best LB in the world for a long period of time alongside Marcelo
mslfzlu | score:55 | Just look at frankie, how happy he is. Flick trusted him and he performed superbly and maybe take out the best of him next season as well. Frenkie is so underrated in this team.
msu3v6f | score:47 | Atletico Falcao was different gravy man. One of those players who will never get a FIFA card and therefore in 20 years time will just be some underrated obscure player from the past
mqolqx9 | score:39 | Unpopular opinion but football players have no moral obligation to bring in transfer fees to their clubs. He didn't force a move out or anything he simply fulfilled the contract he initially agreed to, and is now free to do whatever he wants. It's his career
ms6ljaf | score:37 | One of our hands down underrated best signings of the last few years. You genuinely might have been premature in letting him go.
mrxnr0o | score:37 | At least I won't have to see absolutely unhinged hot takes about Carlo much longer from our fan base. That's a lovely silver lining I think.
msrkn6r | score:35 | You can be overrated and still be a good keeper. Martinez is winning awards for best goalkeeper in the world, when there’s multiple goalkeepers who are better than him. That’s the definition of overrated.
msmbm1l | score:32 | I said 5 months ago Barca should accept Juve's offer for Araujo as he's incredibly overrated and injury prone. I got down voted like crazy and called an idiot. 
mrg21xo | score:26 | You gotta post those hot takes like “I think Arsenal played well but PSG are well built and have a great team, wish them well in the final”  Admittedly it’s rare but it’s happened more than you’d think.
msn67qt | score:23 | I've seen a ton of this stuff recently, and at first I found it quite shocking, but then I remembered there's a huge group of people on this sub who didn't watch football during the Ronaldo/Messi head to head La Liga days.   Madrid lost league titles with 96, 92, 85, 87, 92, 90 points during that overlap. It's only shocking to someone who didn't experience it. Barca always had fewer goals conceded, and that was the difference most of the time.   Someday people will say "Klopp only won 1 PL title
mst4tp7 | score:18 | "Underrated", "Overrated" and "Bottlejob" are probably the three most misused words in modern football.
mrxvu23 | score:18 | And then the Real Madrid fanbase stopped having unhinged hot takes and they all lived happily ever after, the end
msl2oww | score:16 | I hate how underrated he is by so many Barca fans, even now while he has an absolutely astronomical G/A. Look at any stat that measures workrate and he's right at the top. I remember seeing a graphic recently for player making runs off the ball and Raphinha was by far the highest, if anyone can find it link me.  Lewa getting as many goals as he has is in part thanks to Raphinha covering for his aged legs by putting in work. Lamine has been told by Flick that he can take it a bit easy on defense 
mrsjg5m | score:15 | It's a hot take because it's a shit take LOL  Neymar won a treble at Barca. Raphinha has never been to a UCL final.   And you don't want to compare overall G+A because it's not in Raph's favor at all
msthu9r | score:11 | mate I've been saying this about foden for over 2/3 seasons now. I just don't rate him as much as I rate the other three I named  one good full season didn't change my mind, and this season won't lesser my opinion either. I don't think he's an awful player, just severely overrated especially by the media
msqlju9 | score:11 | Barry at the base of the midfield was the foundation of so many great teams. Citeh’s first title team, O’Neil’s top 4 challenging Villa, Martinez’s Everton. So underrated after Benitez wanted him to replace Alonso.
mst64y5 | score:8 | R9 is overrated overall is my hot take, people put him in the GOAT conversation when he's had neither the peak or longevity   And people point to his knees exploding when his playstyle was a major factor contributing to his knees exploding, so there's no guarantee that he could've kept up with the playstyle that made him so good even if his knees didn't explode
mt3hiba | score:8 | You just know that the board is going to give him everything signing he wants in the summer, then sack him anyways sometime around next Christmas.  I really think he will bring United back from the brink (probably an unpopular opinion) but the board need to give him the time.
msxr8sv | score:7 | An Underrated one.  Xavi vs Real Madrid 2010-11(5-0 game).People who only watched highlights of that game give Messi all the credit and think  he was the best player.People can yap about G/A and all that but I have rarely seen a player have soo much influence and control over a game.
msk82cf | score:6 | Flick’s success does not mean Xavi’s time was a failure. He did more than give debuts to talents who would go on to become important players in the team. He and Barca’s previous sporting directors pretty much assembled most of the current squad. During a difficult time when the club was struggling with registrations, Xavi’s status and name helped attract players in the market. Along the way, he also won a super cup against Madrid and a league title after four years of not winning it and the firs
msemnp1 | score:6 | Tbf, I think he probably is. He’s not had time to generate nostalgia though so he’s underrated slightly.
msbjvbb | score:6 | The value of a good CB partnership is very underrated. Gabriel and Saliba are among the best itw when paired together. Having good chemistry can help cover up mistakes and good communication is really important. Kiwior is not Gabriel, which mostly coincides with Saliba's dip in form.  Zabarnyi is super underrated at Bournemouth, and is a huge part of what made Huijsen so successful this season. Huijsen's lack of pace and inexperience has gotten covered up a lot.
ms9gqmf | score:6 | Seriously enjoying 16th and 17th in the table getting into it over who gets in either’s team. It’s like when every mid table club becomes convinced over summer they’re infinitely better than the rest of the pack only for them all to finish within 6 points of each other. My hot take that I’m ready to get cooked on is Maguire 100% starts for Spurs.
msto8kj | score:5 | Gonna take the chance to add that I think Oasis are massively overrated.  Stone Roses and Happy Mondays are much better imo.
mqoq3jm | score:5 | They just gona play 2 CB 2 fwd 6 guys randomly roaming the field slotting into empty space lineup, like they have been for a while, Trent at least fills some of the hole Kroos left just from the other side. Hot take, he should play lb if Carvajal comes back at his level and be that deep lying playmaker Kroos was.
msey1jg | score:4 | It was actually close the last couple of seasons but next season is going to be a wash, especially if they get Wirtz and/or Tah. Leverkusen is getting picked apart in the summer and there is just no team left that could possibly compete with them for the title. Even putting Dortmund 2nd is a very hot take but I geniunely don't know who else could take that place.

=== Emotional Reaction (total 319) ===
msy0omv | score:3 | Man this feels amazing seeing people who've been waiting all their life for something like this. Different sport and everything but the only comparison I have was being at the watchparty for the San Francisco Giants World Series win in 2010 that was the teams first win after being the city for over 50 years and everyone was just jumping around screaming an crying at the same time. Theres really nothing like that feeling of finally seeing your team win after a lifetime of heartbreaks.
mrs426k | score:50 | Legit don't understand the nutsacks stoking hatred between the clubs and their fan bases. "My club is the best and all other clubs should perish in a fire" mentality is fucking boring. I want respectable rivals, clubs I'm proud to see beat because they are playing as strong as we are. The competition matters more that way, and it has the added benefit of allowing you to enjoy matches your club isn't playing in.   Am I said Arsenal is out of the CL? Absolutely. But I am also so stoked that I get 
msvdb4m | score:21 | Man City fans crying about cheating is honestly warming my heart. I fucking love it.  115 charges lmao.
mt19z6b | score:3 | This was quite the season. First I didnt expect is to be in contention for the top spots because of the necessary rebuild, we ended up in a title race but then we bottled it. So that means mixed feelings, I’m proud because we ended up being only 2 points away from the title but disappointed because we bottled a 9 point lead in the last 5 games.   It felt cathartic to see the emotions amongst the player and to see Farioli crying today, I‘ve rarely seen a manager cry before. This whole season clea
mg8yiit | score:1 | I remember being so broken, but saying out loud 'You can't say we didn't take our chances. We chanced every chance that we could. Courtois was just amazing. What can you do?' We periodically come up against teams where their goalkeeper turns into a brick wall, and it fucking sucks and I hate it, but that's what this game is.   I've always known Alisson was amazing and, despite my heart wanting to fall out my butt, I'm glad he has this match to pin to his 'Best Of' record. Somewhere in November(?
msz7e2h | score:209 | I can get him running away crying last wednesday, hes full in his emotions and whilst its shitty to not thank the away fans i can get being that emotional and not being exactly rational then. This is just pathetic. He makes a pretty beautiful tribute by the fans all about him now because he cant just be normal for a second
msv1uwd | score:4 | Liverpool fan, but how could you not get emotional when you see the palace fans crying in the stands, love this sport!
mswato2 | score:3 | A bunch a plastic fans like you, enjoy crying oil tears tonight
m67dsmt | score:3 | He’s made an amazing recovery from his stroke/aneurysm/covid vaccine side effect/heart attack/broken neck/spontaneous combustion/boneitis if he’s feeling fine already.
mrwsg8x | score:2 | Mate he had a hand on winning us things but he didn't singlehandedly win us everything c'mon.   He's a world class player so we don't want to lose him especially to Madrid the cheating fucks.  If Kostas Tsimikas had done us we'd say fair good luck but Trent is an amazing player and a local lad who's professed his love for the club and all that shit.. setting up the fanbase to worship him.  Now suddenly he's fucking off? Don't say those things then if your head has already been turned.
mszaa5k | score:1 | Not at all, they have all the right to complain, but, "Even as a City fan, if that happened with a City keeper", well, it has happened, multiple fucking times in the past 2-3 years and not a single city soul comes here to question it, they just enjoy the "tears" in their sub, the same way they love to touch themselves thinking about their lawyers
msvi6yp | score:1 | Guy is a brainless fucking moron. Sound, scored some goals for us, love him for that; don't want his shit craic on my tele. Somehow has made me watching city lose an unenjoyable experience.
mt0unmo | score:1 | In the past Weghorst would actively look for the camera and start crying in front of it, but now he suddenly doesn't like it anymore and feels targeted by the media? Fuck off man.  This dude is the biggest idiot in Dutch football. He's been that for some years now.
mstp8a8 | score:1 | Seeing all the fans crying from happiness, winning their 1st trophy in their history. Can't imagine the feelings of the lifetime fans there.
mcf8enx | score:1 | Fuck me the R.S fans in this thread are the worse   A man is crying heart broken and their laughing cause he went down easy in a challenge early
mt3f4sy | score:1 | Lobo and Buongiorno are only class players we have. And Buongiorno has been injured for half the season, so he barely counts, and Lobo picked up an injury recently too, so neither count in these 16 players I mentioned.  I would take that year's Giroud over whatever Lukaku is doing since Oct/Nov ina heartbeat.  Any of Milan's top 5 players that year genuinely are worth more than all players that played last night. We were average all year, but grinded out many lucky results(which Im obv happy abo
msub5rh | score:877 | Incredible, you have to love it.  Think of all the fans that go and watch every game despite the fact the team has never won a trophy, they go cos they love the team and love supporting them. So many fans deserve to see their team lift a trophy at some point in their life, I'm so happy for them
mszoyux | score:85 | The reason he reacted like this was probably precisely because of his reaction on wednesday. He's been the national laughing stock all week because he was on camera crying. Now there's a camera in his face trying to get some more tears for people to laugh at. I kind of get him having a visceral response. I don't think I would do too well with an entire country making fun of me like that for days on end
mstzcky | score:66 | That interviewer came across as such a fucking prick. Love Eze going "let me go enjoy it!" And just fucks off
msm2qx8 | score:44 | This shit makes the players fucking love you to  Think from the players perspective. Would you rather play for an org run by a guy you never see who hides in a glass box and makes snarky remarks to the media?  Or would you rather play for an org that is run by guys like this who fucking LOVE this shit?
msyzju7 | score:37 | Sadly it's no longer as good natured as it once was, as Hillsborough rhetoric has started to be used quite frequently by the younger generation of Everton fans and it's fucking sickening that they are given many Evertonians lost loved ones that day.
mszhakx | score:19 | This season was just miserable for us. It felt like it never started. It genuinely feels like we're still in September.  Massive injuries one after the other, players not being able to sustain their form, getting severely punished by the "new rules" which were scrapped 2 months in.  Also, we can't seem to recruit properly. We've signed 2 attackers ever since Arteta joined. Jesus and Trossard. We've signed like 10 defenders and 5 pivot midfielders.  And also our football is fucking boring. I love
msulxhq | score:17 | Haha city probably will win again next year mate and itll be meaningless, this palace win means more than all your titles in the last 10 years because they are an actual real club that won in a real way, enjoy supporting your soulless cheating  oil club and crying when they lose, we all enjoy watching ❤️
mt21lx0 | score:11 | Your analogy makes no sense.   If someone committed five murders we should be allowed to call the murderer names, regardless of how much offensive is for them. In this case Israel is committing genocide, and we should be allowed to call them whatever we want, regardless if they find it antisemitic. Crying antisemitism can’t be a shield when you are committing a genocide.   Now where did the rapist come from?
mrk1a1l | score:8 | Well it's fucking stupid but that's how the club feels probably, obviously I would love to have him gone as soon as I can
mrs8qij | score:6 | Sure, great players. Their squad is full of great players, but I don’t remember ever watching real playing champions league against a good team being “wow what a beautiful game, that’s why I love football”, no it’s usually “wow what a drag, thank god real is losing and will be out next round… no fucking way, how did they score? Unbelievable”
msu8ml7 | score:6 | Having lost my mom at a relatively young age as well, I know how he feels right now. Achieving or experiencing special moments (big and small) is always somewhat bittersweet. You‘re happy, but you also remember that you can’t share this special moment with someone you love dearly.   Writing this, I miss her so much - and it has been three and a half years.
mt3yhdk | score:5 | Fucking love Vuskovic, happy to see him called up. Hope Frigan develops more too and earns his call-up, whether it's with us or wherever he goes next year.
msojclo | score:5 |  Neto loves that shite fucking cross. Swap Noni and Neto
mszdwcl | score:5 | Why are you crying? You already won the title?    You're making your mom sad my dude.
mstoc9c | score:5 | Lol at that crying kid. You've won everything in the last few years you little shit.
mstpx8r | score:5 | Can't belive my goat marmoush missed a pen... Anyway  First ever trophy for palace scince like YEARS, I know that feeling I know that palace fans must be over the moon right now cause the feeling of your team winning their first trophy scince YEARS cannot be replicated so i am really happy for them  Also it's pretty cool having a team outside the big six win a big trophy  Congrats to palace and can't wait to see you in the europa league next year
mstosf8 | score:4 | Amazing game from palace, so happy for them. Fuck City.
msrpmza | score:3 | No way , I love his fucking replies. It got me every time, a normal ass soccer post with extra description that somehow morphs into a post about signing Muric because i never check the username. I'm devastated.
msj5s29 | score:3 | It's soo beautiful ❤️ Hansi whatever magic you did to my team keep doing it again and again 😭😭 I fucking love you so much ❤️💙
msy94jk | score:2 | God I fucking love Laca so much and I hate what Textor is doing to this club
msu24kz | score:2 | So happy for Palace fans, but damn I want that feeling with Everton so bad. If we win ver do win another trophy I will fall to my knees and sob like a baby
mt36jcz | score:1 | He is one emotional man isn't he. Saw him crying after the match, in post-match interview, pres conference as well. For him not even being a year at the club there must be some stuff playing out behind the scenes
mt14gpm | score:1 | soooooo, Arsenal sub making posts about other teams qualifying for UCL by winning a trophy (and crying about it, despite qualifying for the UCL via merit of 2nd or 3rd place and winning nothing, again) which as you said is not related to Arsenal except for their bloated ego calling other teams with far superior histories and more recent cups, smaller teams, and describing themselves as an "Elite" club without anything to show for it? Whilst in the real of footballing legacy, they aren't even the
mt0p2qu | score:1 | You bums love crying when City get something there way, and now I can’t talk about it? 😂
msv209r | score:1 | Tbf colwell was a big twat the hole game the moment Hojlund pushed back he started crying. Guy is a puss and deserved a yellow EARLY on to calm that shit.
msty7pw | score:1 | Stop crying your heart out, Pep
mstom0d | score:1 | Seeing palace fans crying everywhere, this is real football - fuck off City
lr2f1xb | score:1 | I'm still at a lost of words, when I read it in the morning I never thought I would call our Kloppo a dirty mofo. Even my wife called me from work and said she feels a bit like her heart is broken. And she doesn't even like soccer. That's so crazy, the simulation wants to fuck with us, it wants us to know with all it's might that's this all isn't real. That's the only explanation I can come up with. You all aren't real, you're only in my head! !!   Guess the saying about living long enough to be
llitt36 | score:1 | My tears? While the international team I support is dog shit right now, they have 4 world cup wins. So im not exactly heart broken rn.
mstpr84 | score:1 | One of my closest buddies is a crystal palace fan. Just watched the man cry I’m so fucking happy for him
ms2f5p0 | score:0 | Its been confirmed they paid the fucking vice president of the referee Organization. I loved Barça but thats fucking disgusting.
msz44oj | score:0 | Ofc not but im sure the cameraman isn’t crying in his bed right now, in fact he’s probably happy asf because his shot is going viral and he’ll be getting paid
mt2ugfw | score:0 | whatever you say mate. i’ve been supporting for much longer, but you’re clearly the expert here. kinda weird and sad that you are so hateful you have to look through my profile to try and discredit me. this superiority complex is so crazy to me, you’ll never hear american sports fans hate on europeans for their choice in teams, they’re just happy the sport is getting more popular
msrn3pn | score:-2 | No. Fucking love Emi. His shithousery is infectious.
mt001ad | score:-4 | This requires Weghorst to know what the cameraman was doing up until then. From his perspective all he sees is a camera being stuck in his face during an emotional moment.  Also he wouldn't even be wrong in assuming that was what they were looking for; over 50% of the time of that "nice moment with the fans" was spent with a close up of Fitz-Jim, simply because he was the one player visibly crying
mstxrxk | score:-11 | No shit, but there are plenty of clubs with gaps bigger, it's a running joke with you because Spurs fans have bought into the narrative that they are some how deserving of silverware. Every Spurs pundit is constantly crying about it. No one would mock you if Spurs fans simply shrugged it off and said quite correctly that it's hard to win a trophy and 18 years isn't that long.
mt3n0qe | score:-34 | Idk I find it hilarious seeing Liverpool fans whine about how Trent is so disloyal, then turn around and twerk for one of our legends   (I would want KDB too if I was them but please stop crying and get off your fucking high horse)
msu83ym | score:-118 | For what breaking an honourable FFP? 😂  You bums love crying when things go our way but when it's reverse you're quiet.
mstpc4o | score:1344 | /r/soccer crying out for an English Jomboy
mstxtvg | score:976 | Genuinely one of the happiest days of my life. I fucking love this team
mshoj5v | score:660 | I love this ball boy so much for trolling him after the goal. Well fucking done.
mszvfhg | score:391 | This man just cannot handle alcohol but drinks as much as he can anyways lol. Last year he literally had to be carried away after being a little overzealous on a bottle of Don Julio. I fucking love the guy lol
msxwy40 | score:259 | I fucking love this stupid game
msu66nr | score:214 | Even with João Pereira debuff we won, I'm so fucking happy
