1 msy0omv 3 Man this feels amazing seeing people who've been waiting all their life for something like this. Different sport and everything but the only comparison I have was being at the watchparty for the San Francisco Giants Worl
2 mrs426k 50 Legit don't understand the nutsacks stoking hatred between the clubs and their fan bases. "My club is the best and all other clubs should perish in a fire" mentality is fucking boring. I want respectable rivals, clubs I'
3 msvdb4m 21 Man City fans crying about cheating is honestly warming my heart. I fucking love it.  115 charges lmao.
4 mt19z6b 3 This was quite the season. First I didnt expect is to be in contention for the top spots because of the necessary rebuild, we ended up in a title race but then we bottled it. So that means mixed feelings, I’m proud becau
5 mg8yiit 1 I remember being so broken, but saying out loud 'You can't say we didn't take our chances. We chanced every chance that we could. Courtois was just amazing. What can you do?' We periodically come up against teams where t
6 mrvsjob 0 You can feel how you want, you can't act how you want and expect adults to not judge you for it. I get you and many other fans are hurt and upset at the situation, but in what life do you just get a free pass to act howe
7 msz7e2h 209 I can get him running away crying last wednesday, hes full in his emotions and whilst its shitty to not thank the away fans i can get being that emotional and not being exactly rational then. This is just pathetic. He ma
8 msv1uwd 4 Liverpool fan, but how could you not get emotional when you see the palace fans crying in the stands, love this sport!
9 mrgzyqy 3 There is definitely some of this going on. I mentioned the acid in drinks thing specifically because my dentist, having said the year before that my teeth were perfect, was like whoooaa buddy your enamel everywhere is de
10 mswato2 3 A bunch a plastic fans like you, enjoy crying oil tears tonight
11 m67dsmt 3 He’s made an amazing recovery from his stroke/aneurysm/covid vaccine side effect/heart attack/broken neck/spontaneous combustion/boneitis if he’s feeling fine already.
12 mrwsg8x 2 Mate he had a hand on winning us things but he didn't singlehandedly win us everything c'mon.   He's a world class player so we don't want to lose him especially to Madrid the cheating fucks.  If Kostas Tsimikas had done
13 mszaa5k 1 Not at all, they have all the right to complain, but, "Even as a City fan, if that happened with a City keeper", well, it has happened, multiple fucking times in the past 2-3 years and not a single city soul comes here t
14 msvi6yp 1 Guy is a brainless fucking moron. Sound, scored some goals for us, love him for that; don't want his shit craic on my tele. Somehow has made me watching city lose an unenjoyable experience.
15 mt0unmo 1 In the past Weghorst would actively look for the camera and start crying in front of it, but now he suddenly doesn't like it anymore and feels targeted by the media? Fuck off man.  This dude is the biggest idiot in Dutch
16 mstp8a8 1 Seeing all the fans crying from happiness, winning their 1st trophy in their history. Can't imagine the feelings of the lifetime fans there.
17 mcf8enx 1 Fuck me the R.S fans in this thread are the worse   A man is crying heart broken and their laughing cause he went down easy in a challenge early
18 luqpfg7 1 Is it a bit of a stretch? Sure definitely but honestly it felt like that's what he was foing. We tried to get him after Monaco. He denied us to go to PSG.   That's fine, he was young and needed experience and wasn't goin
19 mt3f4sy 1 Lobo and Buongiorno are only class players we have. And Buongiorno has been injured for half the season, so he barely counts, and Lobo picked up an injury recently too, so neither count in these 16 players I mentioned.  
20 msub5rh 877 Incredible, you have to love it.  Think of all the fans that go and watch every game despite the fact the team has never won a trophy, they go cos they love the team and love supporting them. So many fans deserve to see 
21 mszoyux 85 The reason he reacted like this was probably precisely because of his reaction on wednesday. He's been the national laughing stock all week because he was on camera crying. Now there's a camera in his face trying to get 
22 mstzcky 66 That interviewer came across as such a fucking prick. Love Eze going "let me go enjoy it!" And just fucks off
23 msm2qx8 44 This shit makes the players fucking love you to  Think from the players perspective. Would you rather play for an org run by a guy you never see who hides in a glass box and makes snarky remarks to the media?  Or would y
24 msyzju7 37 Sadly it's no longer as good natured as it once was, as Hillsborough rhetoric has started to be used quite frequently by the younger generation of Everton fans and it's fucking sickening that they are given many Evertoni
25 mszhakx 19 This season was just miserable for us. It felt like it never started. It genuinely feels like we're still in September.  Massive injuries one after the other, players not being able to sustain their form, getting severel
26 msulxhq 17 Haha city probably will win again next year mate and itll be meaningless, this palace win means more than all your titles in the last 10 years because they are an actual real club that won in a real way, enjoy supporting
27 mszhupm 13  for longer durations of the first half - i felt Newcastle were better than us.   but obviously we had the outstanding moment of attack & that turned out to be the winner.   so happy that we saw the game through; and def
28 mt21lx0 11 Your analogy makes no sense.   If someone committed five murders we should be allowed to call the murderer names, regardless of how much offensive is for them. In this case Israel is committing genocide, and we should be
29 mrk1a1l 8 Well it's fucking stupid but that's how the club feels probably, obviously I would love to have him gone as soon as I can
30 mrs8qij 6 Sure, great players. Their squad is full of great players, but I don’t remember ever watching real playing champions league against a good team being “wow what a beautiful game, that’s why I love football”, no it’s usual
31 msu8ml7 6 Having lost my mom at a relatively young age as well, I know how he feels right now. Achieving or experiencing special moments (big and small) is always somewhat bittersweet. You‘re happy, but you also remember that you 
32 mt3yhdk 5 Fucking love Vuskovic, happy to see him called up. Hope Frigan develops more too and earns his call-up, whether it's with us or wherever he goes next year.
33 msojclo 5  Neto loves that shite fucking cross. Swap Noni and Neto
34 mszdwcl 5 Why are you crying? You already won the title?    You're making your mom sad my dude.
35 mstoc9c 5 Lol at that crying kid. You've won everything in the last few years you little shit.
36 mstpx8r 5 Can't belive my goat marmoush missed a pen... Anyway  First ever trophy for palace scince like YEARS, I know that feeling I know that palace fans must be over the moon right now cause the feeling of your team winning the
37 mstosf8 4 Amazing game from palace, so happy for them. Fuck City.
38 msrpmza 3 No way , I love his fucking replies. It got me every time, a normal ass soccer post with extra description that somehow morphs into a post about signing Muric because i never check the username. I'm devastated.
39 msj5s29 3 It's soo beautiful ❤️ Hansi whatever magic you did to my team keep doing it again and again 😭😭 I fucking love you so much ❤️💙
40 msy94jk 2 God I fucking love Laca so much and I hate what Textor is doing to this club
41 msu24kz 2 So happy for Palace fans, but damn I want that feeling with Everton so bad. If we win ver do win another trophy I will fall to my knees and sob like a baby
42 mt36jcz 1 He is one emotional man isn't he. Saw him crying after the match, in post-match interview, pres conference as well. For him not even being a year at the club there must be some stuff playing out behind the scenes
43 mt14gpm 1 soooooo, Arsenal sub making posts about other teams qualifying for UCL by winning a trophy (and crying about it, despite qualifying for the UCL via merit of 2nd or 3rd place and winning nothing, again) which as you said 
44 mt0p2qu 1 You bums love crying when City get something there way, and now I can’t talk about it? 😂
45 msv209r 1 Tbf colwell was a big twat the hole game the moment Hojlund pushed back he started crying. Guy is a puss and deserved a yellow EARLY on to calm that shit.
46 msty7pw 1 Stop crying your heart out, Pep
47 mstom0d 1 Seeing palace fans crying everywhere, this is real football - fuck off City
48 lr2f1xb 1 I'm still at a lost of words, when I read it in the morning I never thought I would call our Kloppo a dirty mofo. Even my wife called me from work and said she feels a bit like her heart is broken. And she doesn't even l
49 llitt36 1 My tears? While the international team I support is dog shit right now, they have 4 world cup wins. So im not exactly heart broken rn.
50 mstpr84 1 One of my closest buddies is a crystal palace fan. Just watched the man cry I’m so fucking happy for him
51 ms2f5p0 0 Its been confirmed they paid the fucking vice president of the referee Organization. I loved Barça but thats fucking disgusting.
52 msz44oj 0 Ofc not but im sure the cameraman isn’t crying in his bed right now, in fact he’s probably happy asf because his shot is going viral and he’ll be getting paid
53 mt2ugfw 0 whatever you say mate. i’ve been supporting for much longer, but you’re clearly the expert here. kinda weird and sad that you are so hateful you have to look through my profile to try and discredit me. this superiority c
54 msrn3pn -2 No. Fucking love Emi. His shithousery is infectious.
55 mt001ad -4 This requires Weghorst to know what the cameraman was doing up until then. From his perspective all he sees is a camera being stuck in his face during an emotional moment.  Also he wouldn't even be wrong in assuming that
56 mstxrxk -11 No shit, but there are plenty of clubs with gaps bigger, it's a running joke with you because Spurs fans have bought into the narrative that they are some how deserving of silverware. Every Spurs pundit is constantly cry
57 mt3n0qe -34 Idk I find it hilarious seeing Liverpool fans whine about how Trent is so disloyal, then turn around and twerk for one of our legends   (I would want KDB too if I was them but please stop crying and get off your fucking 
58 msu83ym -118 For what breaking an honourable FFP? 😂  You bums love crying when things go our way but when it's reverse you're quiet.
59 mstpc4o 1344 /r/soccer crying out for an English Jomboy
60 mstxtvg 976 Genuinely one of the happiest days of my life. I fucking love this team
61 mshoj5v 660 I love this ball boy so much for trolling him after the goal. Well fucking done.
62 mszvfhg 391 This man just cannot handle alcohol but drinks as much as he can anyways lol. Last year he literally had to be carried away after being a little overzealous on a bottle of Don Julio. I fucking love the guy lol
63 msxwy40 259 I fucking love this stupid game
64 msu66nr 214 Even with João Pereira debuff we won, I'm so fucking happy
65 mstpzgi 140 When I lived in the UK, I went to more Palace matches than Arsenal matches because they were waaaay cheaper. Palace were in the Championship but Selhurst Park was packed and loud and a great matchday experience. Happy fo
66 mrpjztm 125 Fucking love Bruno man. As for Ratcliffe, fuck him.
67 mt2qeuw 84 You literally put into such simplistic words that it's actually abhorrent even trying to comprehend it. A whole people have been dehumanized so much that a fucking mouse emoji is more important than their entire futile e
68 mstq1ki 83 Albanian commentator is crying seeing the Crystal Palace supporters cry.
69 msywg7u 81 That "The Crying One" insta troll was more insane...
70 mt0jxb7 65 Unc getting embarrassing at this point   The Crying One
71 msuun9t 63 So happy he finally gets that medal after being the bridesmaid with us so many fucking times. Good lad. deserves the best.
72 msznqrl 59 I'm actually crying, goodbye Muslera
73 mscj0vw 57 Our 21/22 season end was absolute fucking pain. Still hurts me to think about it, hearing the crowd randomly erupt over a fake rumor of an equaliser from aston villa. I still love stevie G but he done gave us hope and fu
74 msxr5d1 57 Leeds fans are still crying while he and Koch are absolute leaders at a Champions League Club lol
75 msyh5md 53 MALIK I LOVE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH I BEG YOU STAY WELL GIVE YOU ALL THE DON JULIO YOUD LIKE
76 msywq59 46 Don’t care, still promoted *insert crying under the mask meme*
77 mstpcvn 46 Perennial cheaters crying over being cheated.  It's like heroin.
78 ms0k8po 45 If it were me I'd fucking love to play CL while there's a good 12 extra teams or so above me. Their bitterness would make it all the better
79 mrsgx70 44 I remember going to a Fulham game, and having this insanely small entry, and then sitting in a pretty old wooden stand.  Fucking loved it, would definitely still prefer that
80 mt08qr8 37 With today's results the fight to avoid the last relegation spot will be between Leganés (37p) and Espanyol (39p).  Both teams play home, the first vs 20th place Valladolid and the second against 19th place Las Palmas, q
